how to cook the naki and you have a pan
of boiling water ready I've got about
three pints in here and then what you do
is you put the naki in the pan and what
happens is they all float to the bottom
and you need to give them three minutes
and then when they're cooked they float
up to the top so as soon as they float
up to the top you can remove them to it
to a serving dish and I always think
it's a good idea to do them in two
batches there we go
don't worry if they're still a little
bit of water I'm using a draining spoon
but don't worry if there's still a
little bit of water clinging to them
because we're going to keep this lot
warm while we make the next lot and a
little bit of water around them is going
to give them some moisture to keep them
nice and moist but let me show you now
the characteristic marks that go on naki
are made with a fork and after they're
chilled just before you cook them what
you do is you put the naki on a flat
plate like that and you angle the fork
like this sorry it's the other way up
you angle the fork like this and then
you just quickly slide it down and it
makes indentations and you can knock it
sort of back into shape again and that's
why you see these little marks now I'm
not going to finish cooking those
because I have some that actually have
been cooked and they're just warm in the
oven and I just want to show you the
final stage of this first naki recipe
that I'm showing you and that is and
I've got in my pan here two ounces of
melted butter
and what happens is you heat the butter
with a crushed clove of garlic in it
until the little bits as you can see
there the little bits of garlic turn
nice and toasted and golden and then
just to finish that off you add some
fresh sage leaves I've got about ten
here and it depends on the size and
you'll hear them Frizzle what happens is
just leave them
and then that's what's going to be
poured over a Finnish naki so that's
what we'll do now and here we are they
just kept warm in the oven literally
just in a very very lightly warmed oven
while you make the sauce and now we're
going to do is pour that over and if
you're wondering why we put the little
ridges in it is this just as clever
intel italian invention which makes the
sauce go into the naki much better there
we are and then finally as it goes to
the table we're going to give it a
sprinkling of Parmesan cheese and that's
enough naki to serve for people for a
first course or two to three people for
a light lunch with a salad
you